Add RobotPy setup to zero-to-robot (#2501)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/zero-to-robot/step-2/python-setup.rst

Install RobotPy
---------------

Once you have installed Python, you can use pip to install RobotPy on your development computer.

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Windows
      :sync: windows

      .. warning:: On Windows, the `Visual Studio 2019 redistributable <https:// support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/2977003/       the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads>`_ package is required to be installed.

      Run the following command from cmd or Powershell to install the core RobotPy packages:

      .. code-block:: sh

         py -3 -m pip install robotpy

      To upgrade, you can run this:

      .. code-block:: sh

         py -3 -m pip install --upgrade robotpy

      If you don't have administrative rights on your computer, either use `virtualenv/virtualenvwrapper-win <https://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/dev/virtualenvs/>`_, or or you can install to the user site-packages directory:

      .. code-block:: sh

         py -3 -m pip install --user robotpy

   .. tab-item:: macOS
      :sync: macos

      On a macOS system that has pip installed, just run the following command from the Terminal application (may require admin rights):

      .. code-block:: sh

>          pip3 install robotpy

Reviewer: Use `python3 -m pip` for all these. Below, `python3` is used, which may point to a different python than `pip3`

         pip3 install robotpy

      To upgrade, you can run this:

      .. code-block:: sh

         pip3 install --upgrade robotpy

      If you manage to install the packages and get the following error or something similar, your system is most likely not compatible with RobotPy::

         OSError: /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.22' not found (required by /usr/local/lib/python3.7/dist-packages/wpiutil/lib/libwpiutil.so)

   .. tab-item:: Linux ARM Coprocessor
      :sync: linux-arm

      We publish prebuilt wheels on artifactory, which can be downloaded by giving the ``--extra-index-url`` option to pip:

      .. code-block:: sh

         pip3 install --extra-index-url=https://wpilib.jfrog.io/artifactory/api/pypi/wpilib-python-release-2024/simple robotpy

      **source install**

      Alternatively, if you have a C++20 compiler installed, you may be able to use pip to install RobotPy from source.

      .. warning:: It may take a very long time to install!

      .. warning:: Mixing our pre-built wheels with source installs may cause runtime errors. This is due to internal ABI incompatibility between compiler versions.

>          Our ARM wheels are built on Ubuntu 22.04 with GCC 10.

Reviewer 2: Don't our ARM builds target Debian bullseye?

Author: I dunno, just copy/pasting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         Our ARM wheels are built for Debian 11 with GCC 10.
```

      .. code-block:: sh

         py -3 -m pip install robotpy

      To upgrade, you can run this:

      .. code-block:: sh

         py -3 -m pip install --upgrade robotpy

      If you don't have administrative rights on your computer, either use `virtualenv/virtualenvwrapper-win <https://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/dev/virtualenvs/>`_, or or you can install to the user site-packages directory:

      .. code-block:: sh

         py -3 -m pip install --user robotpy

   .. tab-item:: macOS
      :sync: macos

      On a macOS system that has pip installed, just run the following command from the Terminal application (may require admin rights):

      .. code-block:: sh

         pip3 install robotpy

      To upgrade, you can run this:

      .. code-block:: sh

         pip3 install --upgrade robotpy

      If you don't have administrative rights on your computer, either use `virtualenv/virtualenvwrapper <http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/dev/virtualenvs/>`_, or you can install to the user site-packages directory:

      .. code-block:: sh

         pip3 install --user robotpy

   .. tab-item:: Linux
      :sync: linux

>       RobotPy distributes manylinux binary wheels on PyPI. However, installing these requires a distro that has glibc 2.35 or newer, and an installer that implements :pep:`600`, such as pip 20.3 or newer. You can check your version of pip with the following command:

Reviewer 3: Up above it says glibc 2.34 or newer

Author: Lame.

      .. code-block:: sh

         pip3 --version

      If you need to upgrade your version of pip, it is highly recommended to use a `virtual environment <https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtual-environments/>`_.

      If you have a compatible version of pip, you can simply run:

      .. code-block:: sh

         pip3 install robotpy

      To upgrade, you can run this:

      .. code-block:: sh

         pip3 install --upgrade robotpy

      The following Linux distributions are known to work, but this list is not necessarily comprehensive:

>       * Ubuntu 22.04+

Reviewer 3: Should this go above with supported languages?
